docs(astro): Add multi-framework example for $authStore and $clerkStore (#1434)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/astro/clerk-store.mdx

# `$clerkStore`

> The `$clerkStore` store provides a convenient way to access the [`Clerk`](https://clerk.com/docs/references/javascript/clerk/clerk) object. This provides access to some methods that are not available in other stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$clerkStore` store provides a convenient way to access the [`Clerk`](/docs/references/javascript/clerk/clerk){{ target: '_blank' }} object. This provides access to some methods that are not available in other stores.
```
